index.md, before:

---
layout: home
---

{% ## Submission System Open! %}

{% Contribute to VDS by submitting your abstract [here](https://precisionconference.com/~vds16/) (after logging in go to "new submissions" and select "Submit to Abstracts" for VDS 2016). For details, see the [Call for Participation]({{ site.baseurl }}/cfp/). %}

## Program Online!

[Program]({{ site.baseurl }}/program/)

## Vision

Transformations in many fields are enabled by rapid advances in our ability to acquire and generate data. The bottleneck to discovery is now our ability to analyze and make sense of heterogeneous, noisy, and often massive datasets. Extracting knowledge from this abundance of data lies at the heart of 21st century discovery.

We truly are at the dawn of a revolutionary new era. Data science is the practice of deriving insight from data, at the intersection of the disciplines of statistical methodology, computer science, and one or more traditional scholarly fields. Data science includes the methodological fields of visualization, statistics, applied mathematics, data management, artificial intelligence, and machine learning. It drives discoveries in business, economy, biology, medicine, environmental science, the physical sciences, the humanities and social sciences, and beyond.

Visualization is an integral part of data science, and essential to enable sophisticated analysis of data. After the highly successful first Symposium on Visualization in Data Science (VDS), the second Event will again be co-located with [IEEE VIS 2016](http://ieeevis.org/year/2016/info/vis-welcome/welcome) in Baltimore, MD. VDS will bring together domain scientists and methods researchers (including data visualization, usability, data management, artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, programming environments, scalable software). Our goal is to bring together practitioners and researchers in data science and visualization to discuss common interests, talk about practical issues, and identify open research problems.

## Contact & Registration

Please use [contact@visualdatascience.org](mailto:contact@visualdatascience.org) to get in touch with us.

Registration for VDS is included with registration for IEEE VIS and is handled through the [VIS website](http://ieeevis.org/).




## Chairs

- [Luke Bornn](http://www.lukebornn.com/), Simon Fraser University
- [Alexander Lex](http://alexander-lex.net), University of Utah
- [Marc Streit](http://marc-streit.com), Johannes Kepler University Linz



## Steering Committee

- <a href="http://www.vis.uni-konstanz.de/mitglieder/keim/">Daniel Keim</a>, University of Konstanz
- <a href="http://www.seas.harvard.edu/directory/pfister">Hanspeter Pfister</a>, Harvard University
- <a href="http://vgc.poly.edu/~csilva/">Claudio Silva</a>, New York University

Commit message:

added some details to the program announcement

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
---

## Program Online!

Check out the full [Program]({{ site.baseurl }}/program/) that contains keynote talks, abstract presentations, and a panel.

## Vision

Transformations in many fields are enabled by rapid advances in our ability to acquire and generate data. The bottleneck to discovery is now our ability to analyze and make sense of heterogeneous, noisy, and often massive datasets. Extracting knowledge from this abundance of data lies at the heart of 21st century discovery.

We truly are at the dawn of a revolutionary new era. Data science is the practice of deriving insight from data, at the intersection of the disciplines of statistical methodology, computer science, and one or more traditional scholarly fields. Data science includes the methodological fields of visualization, statistics, applied mathematics, data management, artificial intelligence, and machine learning. It drives discoveries in business, economy, biology, medicine, environmental science, the physical sciences, the humanities and social sciences, and beyond.

Visualization is an integral part of data science, and essential to enable sophisticated analysis of data. After the highly successful first Symposium on Visualization in Data Science (VDS), the second Event will again be co-located with [IEEE VIS 2016](http://ieeevis.org/year/2016/info/vis-welcome/welcome) in Baltimore, MD. VDS will bring together domain scientists and methods researchers (including data visualization, usability, data management, artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, programming environments, scalable software). Our goal is to bring together practitioners and researchers in data science and visualization to discuss common interests, talk about practical issues, and identify open research problems.

## Contact & Registration

Please use [contact@visualdatascience.org](mailto:contact@visualdatascience.org) to get in touch with us.

Registration for VDS is included with registration for IEEE VIS and is handled through the [VIS website](http://ieeevis.org/).


## Chairs

- [Luke Bornn](http://www.lukebornn.com/), Simon Fraser University
- [Alexander Lex](http://alexander-lex.net), University of Utah
- [Marc Streit](http://marc-streit.com), Johannes Kepler University Linz



## Steering Committee

- <a href="http://www.vis.uni-konstanz.de/mitglieder/keim/">Daniel Keim</a>, University of Konstanz
- <a href="http://www.seas.harvard.edu/directory/pfister">Hanspeter Pfister</a>, Harvard University
- <a href="http://vgc.poly.edu/~csilva/">Claudio Silva</a>, New York University
