_talks/williams.md, before:

---
key: williams
speaker: Sarah Williams
website: https://dusp.mit.edu/faculty/sarah-williams
affiliation: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
title: Title to be announced
time:
picture: williams.jpg
picture-note: 
slides: 
bio: |
   Sarah Williams is currently an Assistant Professor of Urban Planning and the Director of the Civic Data Design Lab at Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s (MIT) School of Architecture and Planning School. The Civic Data Design Lab works with data, maps, and mobile technologies to develop interactive design and communication strategies that bring urban policy issues to broader audiences.  Trained as a Geographer (Clark University), Landscape Architect (University of Pennsylvania), and Urban Planner (MIT), her work combines geographic analysis and design. Her design work has been widely exhibited including work in the Guggenheim and the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City. Before coming to MIT, Williams was Co-Director of the Spatial Information Design Lab at Columbia University’s Graduate School of Architecture Planning and Preservation (GSAPP). Williams has won numerous awards including being named top 25 planners in the technology and 2012 Game Changer by Metropolis Magazine. Her work is currently on view in the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), New York. 
abstract: |
   To be announced

---

Commit message:

added sarah's talk and title

_talks/williams.md, after:

---
key: williams
speaker: Sarah Williams
website: https://dusp.mit.edu/faculty/sarah-williams
affiliation: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
title: Big Data For A Public Good
time:
picture: williams.jpg
picture-note: 
slides: 
bio: |
   Sarah Williams is currently an Assistant Professor of Urban Planning and the Director of the Civic Data Design Lab at Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s (MIT) School of Architecture and Planning School. The Civic Data Design Lab works with data, maps, and mobile technologies to develop interactive design and communication strategies that bring urban policy issues to broader audiences.  Trained as a Geographer (Clark University), Landscape Architect (University of Pennsylvania), and Urban Planner (MIT), her work combines geographic analysis and design. Her design work has been widely exhibited including work in the Guggenheim and the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City. Before coming to MIT, Williams was Co-Director of the Spatial Information Design Lab at Columbia University’s Graduate School of Architecture Planning and Preservation (GSAPP). Williams has won numerous awards including being named top 25 planners in the technology and 2012 Game Changer by Metropolis Magazine. Her work is currently on view in the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), New York. 
abstract: |
   Big data will not change the world unless it is collected any synthesized into tools that have a public benefit. In this talk Sarah Williams will illustrate projects from her research lab, the Civic Data Design Lab @ MIT, that have transformed data into visualizations that have had an effect on policy reform. From her work on the Digital Matatus project in Nairobi Kenya, where she created the first map of the informal transit system to her work on in on measuring Air Quality in Beijing, to more recent work investigating the Ghost Cities in China. Williams will show how collecting data, visualizing it, and opening up to anyone to use can leverage the power of data to create real policy change.  

---
